Document captured HTTP headers configuration options (#4321)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: docs/config/common.md

The agent sanitizes all database queries/statements before setting the `db.statement` semantic
attribute. All values (strings, numbers) in the query string are replaced with a question mark (`?`).

Examples:

* SQL query `SELECT a from b where password="secret"` will appear
  as `SELECT a from b where password=?` in the exported span;
* Redis command `HSET map password "secret"` will appear as `HSET map password ?` in the exported
  span.

This behavior is turned on by default for all database instrumentations. Use the following property
to disable it:

| System property                                              | Environment variable                                         | Description |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------- |
| `otel.instrumentation.common.db-statement-sanitizer.enabled` | `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_COMMON_DB_STATEMENT_SANITIZER_ENABLED` | Enables the DB statement sanitization. The default value is `true`.

## Capturing HTTP request and response headers

You can configure the agent to capture predefined HTTP headers as span attributes, according to the

> [semantic convention](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/semantic_conventions/http.md#http-request-and-response-headers)
> . Use the following properties to define which HTTP headers you want to capture:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[semantic convention](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/semantic_conventions/http.md#http-request-and-response-headers).
Use the following properties to define which HTTP headers you want to capture:
```

| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `otel.instrumentation.common.experimental.capture-http-headers.client.request`  | `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_COMMON_EXPERIMENTAL_CAPTURE_HTTP_HEADERS_CLIENT_REQUEST`  | A comma-separated list of HTTP header names. HTTP client instrumentations will capture HTTP request header values for all configured header names.
| `otel.instrumentation.common.experimental.capture-http-headers.client.response` | `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_COMMON_EXPERIMENTAL_CAPTURE_HTTP_HEADERS_CLIENT_RESPONSE` | A comma-separated list of HTTP header names. HTTP client instrumentations will capture HTTP response header values for all configured header names.
| `otel.instrumentation.common.experimental.capture-http-headers.server.request`  | `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_COMMON_EXPERIMENTAL_CAPTURE_HTTP_HEADERS_SERVER_REQUEST`  | A comma-separated list of HTTP header names. HTTP server instrumentations will capture HTTP request header values for all configured header names.

> | `otel.instrumentation.common.experimental.capture-http-headers.server.response` | `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_COMMON_EXPERIMENTAL_CAPTURE_HTTP_HEADERS_SERVER_RESPONSE` | A comma-separated list of HTTP header names. HTTP server instrumentations will capture HTTP response header values for all configured header names.

Reviewer 2: Wait, they’re still open for discussion? I love naming vars. Let’s discuss today. :)

  as `SELECT a from b where password=?` in the exported span;
* Redis command `HSET map password "secret"` will appear as `HSET map password ?` in the exported
  span.

This behavior is turned on by default for all database instrumentations. The following property may
be used to disable it:

| System property                                       | Environment variable                                  | Description                                                         |
|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `otel.instrumentation.common.db-statement-sanitizer.enabled` | `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_COMMON_DB_STATEMENT_SANITIZER_ENABLED` | Enables the DB statement sanitization. The default value is `true`. |

## Capturing HTTP request and response headers

The agent can be configured to capture chosen HTTP headers as span attributes, according to the
[semantic convention](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/semantic_conventions/http.md#http-request-and-response-headers)

> . The following properties may be used to define which headers should be captured:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Use the following properties to define which HTTP headers you want to capture:
```

| `otel.instrumentation.common.experimental.capture-http-headers.client.response` | `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_COMMON_EXPERIMENTAL_CAPTURE_HTTP_HEADERS_CLIENT_RESPONSE` | A comma-separated list of HTTP header names. HTTP client instrumentations will capture HTTP response header values for all configured header names.
| `otel.instrumentation.common.experimental.capture-http-headers.server.request`  | `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_COMMON_EXPERIMENTAL_CAPTURE_HTTP_HEADERS_SERVER_REQUEST`  | A comma-separated list of HTTP header names. HTTP server instrumentations will capture HTTP request header values for all configured header names.
| `otel.instrumentation.common.experimental.capture-http-headers.server.response` | `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_COMMON_EXPERIMENTAL_CAPTURE_HTTP_HEADERS_SERVER_RESPONSE` | A comma-separated list of HTTP header names. HTTP server instrumentations will capture HTTP response header values for all configured header names.

> These configuration options are supported by all javaagent HTTP client and server instrumentations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These configuration options are supported by all HTTP client and server instrumentations.
```

> NOTE: the property/env variable names listed in the table above are still experimental, and thus are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The property/environment variable names listed in the table are still experimental, and thus are
```

> subject to change!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
subject to change.
```
